okay i'm gonna be showing you glitches
at upheaval could start off with any gun
preferably a sniper some sort
so I'm gonna be showing you how to get
up there and there so just run over to
this like pole kind of thing jump up
here now trying to get around the corner
here it's hard oh I felt try it again so
sneak around the corner turn left and
jump up jump over to the next block pull
thing crouch down and continue your path
crouch down again go up here jump jump
up there and go around the side if you
want to get on top of the thing you have
to do this so go up the second one go up
all the way to the top and you could get
on top of this building here to people
through inside and you could go over to
the other side too I like to crash down
here and snipe people so
and that window do okay some people
didn't know you could get up here so
when you can an easier way to get up is
to jump down here go to the trash cans
jump up on this wall and then you're up
there okay so i'm gonna be showing you
one more glitch all the way over here
you could shoot the tire swing not much
of a glitch but you could also go over
here some people didn't know that yeah
sort of good sniping spot and that's it